I close my eyes, and I can see
A world of peace, love, and harmony.
Come with me,
And you’ll see.
You will see.
It’s not a dream, as I’m sure you know.
These things God promised so long ago
Are guaranteed,
Sure to be.
You will see.
Look around—
There’s joy and laughter in ev’ry sound.
Look and see—
This is the way our God meant it to be.
Those who fell asleep along the way,
They live again; we see them ev’ry day.
Come with me,
And you’ll see.
You will see.
The pain and crying there used to be
Has gone forever; now it’s history.
Come with me,
And you’ll see.
You will see.
Look around—
There’s joy and laughter in ev’ry sound.
Look and see—
This is the way our God meant it to be.
Jehovah’s word is enough for me.
With eyes of faith, it’s reality.
As we see
What’s in store,
You can be sure
Until the moon is no more,
When you—
Close your eyes and come with me
To God’s world of peace and harmony.
Come with me,
And you’ll see.
You will see.